At Health Universe, we're on a mission to revolutionize science and medicine. We're seeking an accomplished Full Stack Engineer to join our team to enhance our platform. This role offers the exciting opportunity to work at the intersection of healthcare and AI with a focus on building features and pages for our Django application that is central to the user experience of Health Universe.


As a Full Stack Engineer, you'll play a pivotal role in shaping our product. You'll enable health data scientists to deploy cutting-edge ML apps to our cloud platform that empowers doctors to improve patient outcomes all over the world. If you're great at Django and Tailwind, have experience with LLMs and LangChain and are excited about working in AI to make a huge impact on the world, we want to hear from you.


Key Responsibilities:



Develop, and refine our Django web application and deploy front-end pages built in Tailwind.
Support a UX that enables researchers and clinicians to run python applications on our cloud.
Collaborate with our experienced developer team to transform user requirements into effective solutions.
Champion data protection and security, ensuring our application complies with industry regulations.
Troubleshoot and optimize application performance, maintaining our reputation for excellence and reliability.
Share your expertise and passion through code reviews, helping to elevate our team and our technology.


Required Skills & Qualifications:



Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field.
5+ years experience as a Django Developer, Git, and HTML/CSS, specifically Tailwind.
Familiarity with machine learning concepts, including libraries like OpenAI and LangChain.
Strong problem-solving skills, an eye for detail, and a team-first mentality.
Exceptional communication skills, with a knack for demystifying complex technical concepts.


Desirable:



Familiarity with the ML libraries such as LangChain, Torch, Tensorflow, and Scikit-Learn.
Experience with HTMX/React/Svelte is useful.
Experience in healthcare, either in research or clinical settings is strongly desired.
Proficiency in Docker or other containerization technologies.
Familiarity with Agile development methodologies and fast-paced startup life.
